documentation updates (#951)
elastic/apm-agent-go: docs/opentracing.asciidoc

building on top of the core Elastic APM API.

Spans created through the OpenTracing API will be translated to Elastic APM transactions or spans.

> Root spans and spans created with a remote span context, are translated to Elastic APM

Reviewer: It's awkward to change from future tense here, but leave it elsewhere in this description.

Author: ```suggestion
Root spans, and spans created with a remote span context, will be translated to Elastic APM
```
